2.2 The general form of a simple program 

directives

int main(void)
{
  statements
}

- C uses { and } in much the same way that some other languages use words like begin and end

<DIRECTIVES>
Before a C program is compiled, it is first edited by a precrocessor.
Commands intended for the preprocessor are called directives.

Directives begin with a # character
AND there is no semicolon or other special markers at the end of the directives

<FUNCTIONS>
Functions are like 'procedures' or 'subroutines' in other programming languages.

In C, a function is a series of statements that have been grouped tohether and given a name. (C uses the term 'function' more loosely than Mathematics)
Some function computes a value; some don't.
If they DO compute a value, they use the return statement to specify what value it returns.

A C program may consist a number of functions but only main function is mandatory: it gets called automatically when the program is executed.

The word int before main indicates the function returns an integer value.
The word void in parentheses indicates that main has no arguments.

return 0; has two effects.
- causes the main function to terminate
- indicates that the main function returns a value of 0

*If there is no return statement at the end of the program...
- the program will still terminate.
- BUT compiler will produce a warning message

<STATEMENTS>
A statement is a command to be executed when the program runs.
Asking a functon to perform its assigned task is called function call

Each statment ends with semicolon. (the compound statement is an exception)

<PRINTING STRINGS>
printf display a string literal - a series of characters enclosed in double quotation marks.
- printf doesn't automatically advance to the next output line. (need new-line character)

2.3 Comments

The symbol /* marks the beginning of a comment and the symbol */ marks the end.

Comments can extend over more than one line; once it has seen the /* symbol, the compiler reads (and ignores) whatever follows until it encounters the */ symbol.
- C99 provides a second kind of comment, which begins with //. It ends automatically at the end of a line.

2.4 Variables and Assignment

Most programs need a way to store data temporarily during program execution; these storage locations are called variables.

<TYPES>
A type specifies what kind of data the variable will hold.
- int can store whole number
- float can store much larger numbers; can store numbers with digits after decimal point
- Arithmetic on float number may be slower than on int
- the value of a float variable is often just a approximation of the number that was stored in it.

<Declarations>
Variables must be declared before they can be used
Declaration specifies the type of the variable and its name.
- each complete declaration ends with a semicolon
- declaration must come before statements
* it is possible to declare variables after statements in C99 (변수를 사용한 후에 그 변수를 선언하는 것은 불가능, 다른 변수를 선언하는 것만 가능)

<ASSIGNMENT>
변수에 값을 할당하는 것이다
The right side of the assignment can be a formula(expression) involving constants, variables, and operators 

<INITIALIZATION>
A variable that doesn't have a default value and hasn't yet been assigned a value by the program is said to be uninitialized.
Each variables needs its own initializer.

2.6 Defining names for constants

Macro definition can be used to name constants to make their meanings clear
#define is a preprocessing directive
If the macro definition contains operators, the expression should be enclosed in parentheses.

